## what's too much for using C++11 auto keyword?

* So if the auto keyword improves readability in a particular case then use it. You can write auto when it is obvious to the reader what type auto represents.
* Use auto everywhere you can—particularly const auto so that side effects are less of a concern. You won’t have to worry about types except in the obvious cases, but they’ll still be statically verified for you, and you can avoid some repetition. Where auto isn't feasible, you can use decltype to express types semantically as contracts based on expressions. Your code will look different, but it will be a positive change.
* Easy. Use it when you don't care what the type is. For example
* Go for it. Use auto anywhere it makes writing code easier.




I've been using the new auto keyword available in the C++11 standard for complicated templated types which is what I believe it was designed for. But I'm also using it for things like:

auto foo = std::make_shared<Foo>();
And more skeptically for:

auto foo = bla(); // where bla() return a shared_ptr<Foo>

I haven't seen much discussion on this topic. 

It seems that auto could be overused since a type is often a form of documentation and sanity checks. 

Where do you draw the line in using auto and what are the recommended use cases for this new feature?

To clarify: I'm not asking for a philosophical opinion; I'm asking for the intended use of this keyword by the standard committee, possibly with comments on how that intended use is realized in practice.